# Deliverable 3: Analysis

## 1. System Description:
SuperScouts is a website designed to provide organized and simple communication to group structured organizations. Disorganization of pertinent information in a group setting plagues every member of a group, the impact of which is inefficiency and loss of time. SuperScouts is an intuitive, community-centered website with an emphasis on scouting that allows for group planning and organization with a basis on progression tracking and community events. By consolidationg an activity calander, discussion posts and other important information for day to day operations, SuperScouts effectivley combats disorganization by keeping every piece of information a group would need in a single place.

Group activities aren't specific to one demographic, keeping group information in one place means that parents, kids, clubs, scouts and everyone in between can stay informed with a fraction of the effort. Leaders of an organization can sign up and create a group entirely unique to their purpose and share their group so that members can join. Group leaders are given special privledges which allow for the group moderation including a calender, progression tracker and location sharing. Leaders can set up a calender for the group containing each event planned with the ability to edit event details. The progression tracker allows for leaders to create milestones as well as open and close taks for members, directly inspired by the scout badges from offline scouting organizations. Important locations can be shared to the group by the group leader and attatched to events for group members to see. All members can participate in messaging moderated by the leader, chatting with other members within the same chat. To encourage interactivity, media posts are allowed in the group messages consisting of files, images or videos under the condition that group leaders must approve of the content. 

For messaging SuperScouts will require a message hosting API like FireBase or Pusher to enable realtime chatting between group members and group channel creation. Location sharing will require a coordinates based API like Google Maps to allow for uniform location sharing between a group leader and members. NodeJs will be used to host the sever of the website and a C program of our own design will handle the metadata users create while online. To promote security, user's contact information will be protected and exclusivley available to group leaders. NodeJs will allow us to keep the server running 24/7 keeping SuperScouts fast and reliable. The core principle of SuperScouts is keeping group information consolidated and intuitive, careful design of the SuperScout's UI will ensure that SuperScouts can be by anyone.

## 2. Model:

