# Report 6
Date and location: October 9, 2023, Cline Library, Rm 183 <br>
Present participants: Samantha Jurado (Minute Taker); Dalton Tippings (Manager/QA); Evan Palmisano(QA);<br>
Ben Huntoon (Presenter/QA); Patricia Madrid (Minute Taker); Breatriz Ortega(QA)<br>
Missing participants: None
Project repo: Super_Scouts (https://github.com/sljur/Super_Scouts)<br>
## Summary Of Activities
- The majority of the meeting was spent working on Deliverable 3 and what we should have listed as our classes, attributes, and associations. We spent a solid 40 minutes determining what should be labeled as classes, where they fell in the chain of command, what should be a Field vs Method for our UML diagram. 
- We touch on what we've done research wise since the previous meeting; most research aquired had to do with how to set up the group creation and messaging parts of the website; the other had to do with coding calendars from scratch.
- Ben put in a lot of work over the weekend to get the server up and running, so we now have a functional server linked to a working domain name.
- We discussed a bit about the Midterm; mostly that we should start thinking about what the requirements are and getting the pieces together.
  
## Project Retrospective
- We are all focused on Deliverable 3, the beginnings of our Midterm Presentation, and looking into research to further our understanding on how to make our project function they way we want.

### Activity Checklist 
1. Appreciations:
    * Ben setting up the server.
    * Patricia taking notes during the meeting.
    * Dalton transferring what we drawing on whiteboard to draw.io so we have a much nicer drawing.
    * Beatriz and Evan both pointing out how we could make the UML driagram better by altering some of the details or switching around how some things were labeled.
   
2. Successes:
   * Everyone pitched in their thoughts when it came to making the UML design; whether via record keeping or pointing out things we forget about UML diagrams, or knowledge from other classes. It was a very lively discussion.
   * We agreed in our last meeting to meet up this upcoming Friday to continue to work on Deliverabel 3, and that date has conitnued to hold. 

3. Failures: 
   * No true failures; because of the time we all set aside to make sure we went over the Deliverable as a group instead of seperatly like with Deliverable 2, the stress to complete our Deliverable seems to be much less.

4. Barrier: 
   * Although we've found some sites that could supplement our knowledge on both front-end and back-end development, we still need to see if we're able to link what we've learned to how the website itself needs to be linked to function properly.

5. What we should try next time.
   * We are currently in the prossses of trying something new, which is to have a check-in via Discord to work on Deliverable 3. If it goes well with no major technological issues, we may consider making it a more permanent thing, but that would be a discussion for our next meeting.
   
## Next Steps
- Continue work on Deliverable 3 over the week
- Start working on our Midterm Presentation and assigning roles
- Do more research and start coding for our respective tasks and features which can eventually lead to an interacctive homepage.
