# Report 8
Date and location: October 23, 2023, Cline Library, Rm 183 <br>
Present participants: Samantha Jurado (Minute Taker); Dalton Tippings (QA); Evan Palmisano (QA/Manager); <br>
Ben Huntoon (Minute Taker); Patricia Madrid (QA/Presenter); <br>
Missing participants: Beatriz Ortega(QA);<br>
Project repo: Super_Scouts (https://github.com/sljur/Super_Scouts)<br>

## Summary of Activities
- Dicussed what needed to be worked on for Deliverable 4
- Determined future meetup dates and times to continue work on Deliverable 4
- Discussed a little about Deliverable 5, but more in the sense of the changes we will need to make once Deliverable 4 is completed.

## Project Retrospective
* Majority of the meeting was spent on Deliverable 4, but also on looking up what we needed to learn in order complete the Deliverable.
### Activity Checklist
1. Appreciations:
   * Dalton and Sami working on the testing portion of the Deliverable 4
   * Patricia took notes and created the Report Document in Github
   * Ben and Evan looked into the CGI (Common Gateway Interface) and how we can use it
   * Ben looked at realtime chatting
   * Evan edited and added to the README file
2. Successes:
    *  We were able to break up Deliverable 4 into understandable chunks for us to work on.
    *  We narrowed down the harder parts of Deliverable 4 and seperated them out
3. Failues:
   * No major failures; we have an outline of what needs to happen and how to do it.
4. Barrier:
   * We didn't actually confirm our meeting date and time with each other, so it was pretty much luck that the majority of the group actually showed up despite all of us forgetting to confirm with each other we still had a meeting at the normal time and date.

5. What We Should Try Next Time:
   * We've determined we really do need to keep in touch and re-confirm every meeting, even if it sounds redundant.

## Next Steps
* Continue to work on Deliverable 4.
* Start planning on Deliverable 5.
* Meetup on Friday over Discord to continue work and touch base with everyone.
